Hey, Xiaonuan
Why are you here all of a sudden?
Didn't I tell you?
Don't come to the hospital if you're okay
Miss Mu is now pregnant
You have to take good care of her
Mom
You talk about your mother all day long
Who is your daughter?
Look at what your child says
Mom, I have something to do
I'll go first
Mu Qingqing, you are so brave
I'm going to ask you one last time.
Excitement Hotel that night
Is that you in my bed?
Brother in this life
Of course it was me.
As for the child in my belly
It's warm. It's warm.
He has always been jealous of me
So he found someone to defile me
I never dared to tell you
I'm afraid you'll dislike me.
So I was forced to lie
As long as the tears are still in my hands
Warm is brave
Impossible to tell the truth